An important aspect of the web
is that the information found
there should be available and
accessible to everyone equally.
That's why both modern websites
and modern web browsers include
accessibility features and
options to hel.
People browse the web in the way
that best suits their needs.
For example, the Microsoft Edge
browser includes options to
assist people who may have
vision or motor imairments
better navigate the webages they
visit.
You can zoom into a web page by
pressing the control button and
the + on your keyboard, and that
can make it easier to read the
text and to see the images on
the page.
Imilarly Ressing Control and the
minus key lets you zoom out,
which can make it easier to get
a view of the entire page and
Orient yourself to its layout.
Alternately, if you have trouble
ressing, multile keys at the
same time to use the zoom
feature, you can also hold the
control key with one hand and
turn the scroll wheel on your
mouse to zoom in and out, and
ressing Control 0 resets the
page back to its default size.
Another option for reading web
pages is the Immersive Reader
feature.
This is only available or
partially available on some
webages.
If it's available on the age
you're viewing, you'll find the
Immersive Reader button here in
the address bar of Edge and as
you can see, that dislays the
text on the page at a larger
size and in a cleaner layout
with fewer distractions.
At the top of the screen you can
click on Text References to
adjust how the text is displayed
an the color of the background
it appears on.
OI can make the text larger and
maybe change it to white on
black.
For some people, higher contrast
themes like this make it easier
to read text.
I'll close the immersive reader
view by clicking its button
again.
You can even have Edge Read web
pages allowed to you.
This can be useful if you have
difficulty reading long passages
of text.
For example, just right click on
the text you want to have read
to you and choose Read aloud and
Edge will read and highlight the
words as it seaks them.
As people continue to turn to
online learning to adapt, many
people are investing in this
highly strategic skill.
All levels within the
organization and I can ause that
with the controls at the top of
the screen you can also click
voice options to adjust the seed
it reads to you and the voice it
uses.
And for users who may have
difficulty using a mouse when
browsing Edge includes several
keyboard shortcuts ress F6 on
the keyboard to cycle through
the elements of the browser like
the tab bar, the address bar,
the content of the webage and so
on.
O for examle I have two other
tabs open so I can ress F6 until
I see the first tab highlight
and then use the arrow keys on
my keyboard to navigate to the
tab I want to view and ress
enter to bring it to the front.
Or I can ress F6 until the
address bar is highlighted so I
can type in the address of the
website I want to visit.
Ressing the tab key lets you
move forward through the
elements on the page.
That includes links, text fields
on forms, and the address bar.
And Shift Tab lets you move
backwards and ressing.
Shift F-10 is like right
clicking on a selected element.
These are just a few examples of
the accessibility features built
into Microsoft Edge that make it
easier for everyone to browse
and interact with web pages.